[MI-3804]: Added the test cases for the UI design on MS Teams sync plugin. (#19)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/ms-teams-sync/UI-design-1.0/slash_commands.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up

> name: "RHS changes with respect to slash commands"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: "RHS updates with respect to slash commands"
```

status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: UI-design-1.0
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

> 1. Connect the user to their MS Teams account using the `/msteams connect` slash command.

Reviewer: write the correct slash command

2. Click and open the RHS.

**Step 2**

1. Disconnect the user from their MS Teams account using the `/msteams disconnect` slash command.
2. Click and open the RHS.

**Expected**

> The user account on MM should get connected to the account on MS Teams in the RHS on MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user account on MM should get connected to the account on MS Teams and the RHS should get updated accordingly.
```

> After step 2, the user should be able to view the `Connect your Microsoft Teams account` modal in the RHS on MM and the account should get disconnected.

Reviewer: this is not a modal, fix this.
